Logic
  - Data structure used: 
    - Use an hashset to store each elements in the array. This is used to address duplicate numbers(using duplicated elements will be a problem for the algorithm) as well as to have a O(1) look up time whenever we need to find the lower/upper boundaries from the current sequence. The hashset is the core data container we use to determine whether an element has already been accessed. 
  - Algorithm:
    - The core step is for each element we find IN the array AND the set, we delete it from the set (to prevent other sequence of using the same element again). Then we try to use the current element as a middle point and try to build a sequence around it by expanding its left/right boundary values. If we can find either, then we remove them from the set and keep incrementing/decrementing their values until neither can be found in the hashset, this means this is the longest sequence we can build FOR EACH ELEMENT IN THE SEQUENCE (since each step we are essentially using left/boundary as a new starting point to build its own sequence). Each sequence building extends the entire sequence as long as possible. Hence, the same element cannot be used to build another longer sequence since we already tried to expand the current ontinuous sequence containing each of the current element as much as possible. 
    - We will only build sequence IF the current element is still in the hashset (meaning it has not been considered by other sequence yet). If the current element being visited is not found in the hashset, it means we have already accessed and used it as a part of the sequence extension for other elements. 
 - Code below 
 ```cpp
 class Solution {
public:
    int longestConsecutive(vector<int>& nums) {
        unordered_set<int>record(nums.begin(), nums.end());
        int res = 0;
        for (int n:nums){ //using a reference to each element in the set
            if (record.find(n) == record.end()) continue;
            record.erase(n); //what value does this operation return?
            int prev = n-1, next = n+1; // How to use the deleted element's reference to assign value to different variables?
            while(record.find(prev) != record.end()){
                record.erase(prev);
                prev--;
            }
            while(record.find(next) != record.end()){
                record.erase(next);
                next++;
            }
            res = max(res, next-prev-1); //both next and prev refers to the sequence boundary not found in the set, so they both must be excluded from the current sequence length
        }
        return res;
    }
};
```
